yeah this is recaps reps will run it
through Star Wars The Force awakens
right now yeah and this episode is
brought to you by PlayStation Store
purchase Star Wars Battlefront 2 elite
trooper deluxe edition on PlayStation
Store today
the gadelle bet let's do this here we go
far far away where the paragraph scroll
where the rebels Rebelle and the
Empire's fall there's a new galactic
battle happening all that means as you
can have laser swords but no stable
regimes cuz the rebels got their peace
everything was good and Chilton the
first daughter crawls out the shadows
like charlottesville angsty rallies
destruction of worlds all this male
aggression has to be destroyed by a girl
from jakku where scavenger by day make
that quarter portion Brad collar rachel
ray just an orphan girl she lives a
lonely life then she comes across a toy
that's made for merchandising to Paragon
the force but you'll need more help from
the former conformance to be reforming
himself BAE the next Han and Leia you
love for the ages but I'm talking about
that bromance with Reuben Davis
that's poe yo the classiest pilot rolled
so though he's his own hairy sidekick he
ain't your daddy's Wars just another
example of the hero's journey based on
Joseph Campbell book it
[Music]
no more
han and chewie intercept him to resume
the falconry on the run from the only
Scotsman in the galaxy grab a bat and
never like a 70s sports car appointed
all the Raiders in that Japanese porn
star plant in the galaxy's version of
Portland
Ray has some visions that are probably
important or in Jodha expositions here
we go with Jen as the party's interested
by Darth blow friends he's an evil dark
man throwing little boy tantrums like
his helmet loops a playlist full of
followed boy albums Ollie son of solo
grandson no Vader so morally conflicted
Oh what it's that dude from girls checks
in with the leaders to free who's like a
jewel pod hologram loaded up with sour
cream breakup mental toughness though
they shackled the four runs and leg the
only way to get out is by mind trick and
Daniel Craig Starkiller base got the
same contractor with the same glaring
witness or the same fun factor took the
hint when they made Row one it's a wacky
space adventure just make it fun
Oh
[Music]
morning Kate
- and chewy tea with no wasted parts as
they easily dispose of rien of Darth
father-son reunion maybe there can be a
truce well though later for and see you
in your other reboots the sit of Burning
Man breakup the glow sticks fan vs. pile
of what it ain't even close kid Rey is
honored force game going for broke then
a schism votes between him but the
forces whoa who knows the base by away
is Lightspeed are to come - with no help
from IT piece the math together wait the
short is that was DJ Abrams Star Wars :
the force awakens y'all this is recap
wrapped leave a comment letting us know
what you want to see next and we'll see
you all all you know it
force out thanks to the PlayStation
Store for sponsoring this episode
get your copy of Star Wars Battlefront 2
elite trooper deluxe edition on
PlayStation Store today if you want to
see more recap wraps click the box to
the left or click the box to the right
to see another dope video night what so
now happy Star Wars